{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
What is ABV?\
\
ABV stands for Alcohol by volume. The higher the ABV of a beer, the higher the alcohol content. ABV is the standard measurement used worldwide to assess the strength of a particular beer.The average alcohol content for craft beer is 5.9%. Some beers can be as low as 2% to as high as 10% or more. The percentage gets higher with heavier beers. \
\
What is IBU?\
\
IBU stands for International Bitterness Units. IBU is a scale that gauges a beer\'92s bitterness based on the hops added, and is typically the main deciding factor for someone looking to try a new craft beer. The IBU can be confusing as the higher the IBU doesn\'92t always mean the beer has a very bitter flavour. \
\
How is craft beer made? \
\
Beer is made from four basic ingredients: Barley (or an alternative grain such as rice), water, hops, and yeast. The sugars are extracted from the grains, at which point the yeast can convert the sugar to alcohol and CO2, creating our favourite beverage\'85 beer! Brewing beer is very scientific (and also a bit of an art if you ask us!). \
\
I\'92m new to craft beer\'85 where do I start? \
\
The best way to find out what you like is to try different beer styles with varying IBUs. Gray Ridge Brewing offers flights in house and at many of our restaurant partners so that you can find your favourite Gray Ridge beer. \
\
\
\
LAGER\
\
Ideal for sunny days, or anytime, really! The Leghorn Lager is a light and refreshing beer, enjoyed by beer drinkers of all walks of life. Nice and light, our Leghorn Lager sits at 4 IBU and 4.5% ABV\
\
IPA\
\
The Free Range IPA is a smooth and easy drinking full-flavoured beer. A subtle hint of refreshing citrus flavours will delight your tastebuds. The Free Range IPA sits at 68 IBU and 6.2% ABV.\
\
RED ALE\
\
Our Rhode Island Red Ale is a beautiful red colour and is full flavoured, hoppy, and buttery with a crisp finish. The Rhode Island Red has an ABV of 5.0% and the IBU sits at 23.\
\
STOUT\
\
Named after the cutest chickens in all the land (seriously, look up the Silkies! We promise your heart will melt. This Stout is just as smooth and soft as its namesake. It\'92s an American Stout and sits at 7.3% ABV with 50 IBU. Also an excellent choice of beer to cook with!}